Heh, heh.
It looks like Caleb is getting hungry.
Let’s see how Caleb asks his mom for food.
Mom, I need food now!
I’m hungry!
Caleb!
Hmmmm, do you think
that was the best way to ask for food?
Noooooooo!
Let’s give Caleb a second chance
and listen to what special word he uses this time.
Mom, can you please make me something to eat?
Awwwh, yes, sweetie.
I’m gonna make you the best sandwich ever.
That’s much better.
That word “please” makes all the difference.
Even Jehovah uses the word “please.”
Now that you got what you asked for Caleb,
what do you say?
Thank you, Mommy.
Very good!
Always remember to say “please” and “thank you”!
And don’t forget to thank Jehovah.